♪ PAW patrol, PAW patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW patrol, PAW patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pups Fight Fire."
[Chase[ On your mark, get set, go!
Whoo-hoo! Go, Marshall!
[grunting]
Whoa!
[yelling]
Marshall's really on a roll.
-Go, yay!
-[howling]
Nice move. I really think Marshall could
win the Fastest Fire Pup trophy today.
I've been training for this all week.
Hose out. [barks]
Hose on. [barks]
[Marshall barks]
I did it. [barks]
No! Whoa!
-[grunts]
-[crashes]
Okay, maybe not.
Don't worry, Marshall.
You can still do it.
-[all cheering]
-You've got this, Marshall!
[Marshall] Thanks, guys.
[laughs]
Time's running out. Marshall better hurry.
Next up is the animal rescue.
Huh?
It's time for your big rescue, Cali.
[mewling]
[meows]
[siren blares]
I'm on my way, Cali.
Ladder up.
[truck beeping]
[Cali gasps]
[Marshall] Oh no!
I broke the ladder.
Almost got you, Cali.
Almost…
Whoa!
[sighs]
Sorry, Cali.
I kind of messed that up.
[purrs]
[sighs]
Are you okay, Marshall?
I'll never break
the fastest fire pup record like this.
The only thing I'm good
at breaking is ladders.
Hmm.
Looks like Marshall
could use a helping hand.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[all] Let's go!
All right!
[all barking]
Wait for me. Ryder needs a--
Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
-Whoa!
-[thuds]
-I'm good.
-[all laugh]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
[beeps]
Okay, PAW Patrol.
We have an emergency.
Ready to help, Ryder.
But Ryder, Marshall's
about to win the Fastest Fire Pup trophy.
Everyone is waiting for him.
Don't worry, Skye.
This time, Marshall's the emergency.
He needs our help.
Huh? I'm the emergency?
Everyone is waiting at the park
to watch you try and win
the World's Fastest Fire Pup trophy.
-Yeah!
-Go, Marshall!
We just want you to try your best
and not worry about
whether you break the record.
Try my best and forget about the rest.
I can do that.
[beeps]
Rocky, I need you to find
something in your recycling
to fix Marshall's ladder.
Don't lose it, reuse it.
[beeps]
And Marshall,
I need you and your fire gear
ready to do your best.
Do you think you can do that?
I don't know, Ryder.
I didn't do a very good job in training.
We know you can do it, Marshall.
The other pups will help cheer you on.
-We're on it!
-Go, Marshall!
Yay!
I can give it another try.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[laughs] Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
Whoa!
-♪ Rocky ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
PAW Patrol, we're on a--
Oh, we're here.
[truck beeping]
I need to find something to fix
Marshall's fire truck ladder.
Nope. Nope. Nope.
[howls] Got it.
What did you find, Rocky?
This broom will work.
I'll reuse the handle as rungs
on your fire ladder, Marshall.
[barks]
All done here.
Great, Rocky.
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hello. Ryder here.
[Goodway] Ryder. Hi, Mayor Goodway.
[Goodway] Where's Marshall?
Hello, Adventure Bay
is waiting to film him
breaking the fastest fire pup record.
He's late.
All done here.
[panting]
Great, Rocky.
Marshall's ready to go.
Thanks, Ryder.
Chase, we need to get Marshall
to the starting line
in a hurry.
[siren blaring]
[tires screech]
My cones will stop traffic
till Marshall gets through.
[siren blares]
-Woo-hoo! Yeah!
-Yay, Marshall!
-You can break the record.
-Yeah!
So, where's this record-breaking fire pup?
Oh! Ha! He'll be here any minute.
[laughs nervously]
I hope.
[siren blares]
[tires screech]
-[crowd cheering]
-Here he is.
[barks]
You're on in three, two…
[Goodway] Good morning, Adventure Bay.
Today, Marshall the fire pup
will attempt to win the trophy
for completing the fire rescue course
in the fastest time ever!
[all cheering]
Do my best and forget the rest.
[Goodway]
If he can ring the City Hall bell
in less than ten minutes,
he'll be the fastest fire pup ever!
[cheering and howling]
Go, Marshall!
Ready. Set.
[horn blares]
[grunting]
[grunts] Whoa!
I'm good.
-Go, Marshall!
-[all cheering]
He's making pretty good time.
[siren blaring]
[Tires screech]
-[all cheering]
-Yay, Marshall!
-Yay! Hooray!
-Go, Marshall!
[panting]
[grunts] How's my time?
[Ryder] Looking good, Marshall.
Six minutes left.
This fire is as good as out.
Hose out. [barks]
Hose on. [barks]
-[all cheering]
-[Ryder] Great job, Marshall.
I did it.
[barks]
Now I just have to get
to the town hall and ring that bell.
Do my best, forget the rest.
Oh no!
[all gasp]
Fire! I'll take care of that.
[barks]
Hose on. [barks]
[Goodway] Oh my!
That could have been a disaster.
-Way to go, Marshall.
-Thanks.
Uh, but I guess there's no time
to break the record now.
[Ryder] You've got 30 seconds left.
Give it your best.
Yeah, go for it.
-[all cheering]
-Yay, Marshall!
Do my best and forget the rest.
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[all cheering]
Marshall is inside.
[bell tolls]
How'd I do?
-Did he do it?
-Did he break the record?
Folks, I'm afraid Marshall
is one minute late.
[all] Aw.
Aw, that's too bad.
-[Rubble] Nice, Marshall.
-Great job, Marshall.
Well, I did my best.
Yes, you did do your best.
You stopped to put out a real fire,
even though it cost you the record.
That makes you an Adventure Bay hero.
-Congratulations.
-[gasps]
But that trophy is
for the fastest fire pup in the world.
Not anymore.
This trophy is
for the greatest fire pup in the world.
Wow! Thanks!
[laughs]
Yay, Marshall.
-Yay, Marshall. Woo-hoo!
-Yay, Marshall.
Good job, Marshall.
You really did your best.
Thanks, Ryder.
Thanks, everyone.
This calls for a celebration.
[all cheering]
[Marshall howls]
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[barks]
-Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
Yay! [barks]
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
Next stop: fastest construction pup ever.
[all cheer]
Wait for me.
Whoo, whoo, whoo!
Whoa! [grunts]
I'm good.
[theme music playing]